.TH ORISYNC "1" "September 2013" "Ori Project" "Ori Distributed File System"
.SH NAME
orisync \- Ori File System Sync Daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B orisync
[\fICOMMAND\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
orisync is the device discovery and automatic synchronization daemon.  In 
addition it is used for configuration and management of the orisync daemon.
To get started run \fBorisync init\fR to configure the orisync cluster key and 
password.  Running orisync without any arguments will start the daemon 
process.

.SH CONFIGURATION COMMANDS
.TP
\fBinit\fR
Configure the cluster key and cluster password.

.SH REPOSITORY RELATED COMMANDS
.TP
\fBadd FS-NAME\fR
Register a local repository with orisync.
.TP
\fBremove FS-NAME\fR
Unregister a local repository with orisync.
.TP
\fBlist\fR
List all registered local repositories

.SH HOST RELATED COMMANDS
.TP
\fBhostadd HOSTNAME\fR
Add a static host to synchronize with.
.TP
\fBhostremove HOSTNAME\fR
Remove a statically configured host.
.TP
\fBhosts\fR
List all statically configured hosts.

.SH OTHER COMMANDS
.TP
\fBhelp\fR
Display a list of commands and their purpose.

.SH SUPPORTED COMMANDS
The file system can be controlled by the command line interface.  Running 
commands from anywhere inside the mounted file system should allow the command 
line to detect and communicate with the file system.  Not all commands are 
supported on a running file system, and some hidden commands for debugging or 
are not recommended.  Additional commands will be added in future releases.  

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ori (1),
.BR orifs (1),
.BR ori_httpd (1)
